Perplexia Computer feels like the first
AI super agent that you can just throw
your work at with zero setup and zero
tinkering and it's just going to do it
here. It built out for me an app that
scrapes Facebook marketplace every
morning for undervalued products that
can be flipped to eBay for more money.
All this took was one prompt telling it
what I was looking for and then it went
out and just figured out how to make it.
I didn't even need to set up computer
before I did this. I just logged in for
the first time, asked it for this app
and here's what it made for me. And
that's why I think for most people,
Perplexity Computer absolutely destroys
products like OpenClaw, which are
difficult to set up and are constantly
breaking. In fact, Perplexity Computer
is probably the most powerful AI tool
I've ever tried for people who want a
plug-and-play solution. Computer is made
by Perplexity. I've made videos about
how much I love Perplexity in the past.
So, they reach out to me about putting
computer through its paces. So, that's
exactly what I did. You can find
Perplexity computer by navigating to
perplexity.ai on the web or opening up
comet browser. Inside of the query box,
you'll see this new button here that
says computer. If you click on this,
this is now perplexity computer. And
that is literally all the setup. You
don't need to run command lines. You
don't need to create a sandbox
environment. It's literally just here
waiting for you, ready to be used. One
of the most impressive things about
computer is that all you have to do is
describe what you want and computer is
going to use all the best AI tools out
there to build it for you. So, I'll tell
it to create an interactive dashboard
using transcripts from all the publicly
available quarterly earning reports from
S&P 500 companies and then to look for
trends and patterns across all of them.
It will start by planning out the
project and it uses something called a
model orchestrator for this. That's
basically one AI that will create a task
list of everything that needs to get
done. It will then assign each task to
the best AI for the job. For instance,
if it needs images, it might use Nano
Banana to make them. But if it has a
complex coding task, it might use Claude
Opus. And all the tasks are being done
in parallel, so it goes much faster. And
now it is finished. So let's take a look
at what it built for us. I'm going to
click up here on the full screen button.
That will open it up in a new tab. We
have a light mode. I will change it to
dark mode. I think that looks fantastic.
And here is earnings pulse, our market
overview that shows sentiment and trends
from the latest quarterly earning calls
across the S&P 500. So 53 companies were
analyzed, 45% of them were bullish, 55%
of them were cautious or bearish. It of
course analyzed the transcripts and the
top theme across all of them is growth.
But here we can see all the top themes.
So we have growth, AI is very popular,
innovation, digital transformation,
consumer spending and regulation. Here
we can see a pigraph that breaks down
the sentiment between bullish, cautious
and bearish. We have tabs over here on
the left like a theme explorer. This is
very impressive. So if you want to hear
everyone who's mentioned tariffs, we can
see that 26 companies mentioned tariffs,
most of them in the industrials and even
the healthcare industries. And we can
see exactly what companies mention
tariffs. If we want to see all the
companies that mention AI, we can see a
breakdown of that. A lot of companies
who deal with financials talk about AI
and definitely technology as well. You
can see all of those right here. We have
a sector analysis. We have company
details and we have emerging signals. So
this is telling us that tariff
uncertainty is really weighing on a lot
of companies and there's a lot of mixed
consumer spending that's worrying
companies as well. And so coming back to
the task here, notice that if you come
all the way up here, this was all
created with one single prompt. After
that, Perplexi Computer took care of all
the rest. It created multiple tasks in
parallel. It then fetched all the data.
It then created multiple sub agents to
actually build out the dashboard. And
then finally, one of the most impressive
things about it is that it actually used
its own browser to take a look at this
and to make sure that everything worked
correctly and was rendering properly
before sending me the final product. And
all of this is done completely in the
cloud. So you don't need to have your
computer on or perplexity computer open
for this to work. And you can run
multiple tasks at the same time in the
background, which is another reason that
this is a lot more accessible than
something like OpenClaw, which you do
need to host yourself and find a way to
have running 24/7. And this becomes
particularly useful when you give it
scheduled tasks. Here, I asked it to
create for me a daily briefing in the
style of a news website. every day. It
pulls in information like the weather
for the day, how many meetings I have,
what emails I have to reply to, and it
also does research for me on any
trending AI topics that I might be
interested in making videos on. So,
coming through this every single day, I
can get a snapshot of what my day is
going to look like. And all of this is
done in the cloud automatically for me
every single morning. And unlike
OpenClaw, this hasn't broken for me. It
just works every day exactly as I
expected to with zero tinkering and
almost no setup on my part. The only
thing I had to set up was I needed to
connect it with my favorite apps in
order for this to work. Right now, if
you come over to the left here where it
says connectors, you can see that
Perplexity Computer connects with what
appears to be hundreds of different
apps. And this allows it to access and
act on your data across all those
different apps. So, it's kind of like
having one place where everything can be
connected. Now, that's something that
OpenClaw can also do. However, I was
always extremely hesitant about
connecting my OpenClaw up with some of
these apps. I just don't fully
understand how OpenClaw works or what
kind of data it's potentially leaking.
Computer, on the other hand, is built by
a reputable company that I do trust when
it comes to security. So, I feel a lot
more comfortable connecting up most of
my important apps to something like
computer. But anyway, let me show you
some other really cool things that are
being built out with Perplexi Computer.
Most of these tasks took me just a few
minutes to maybe an hour to create, but
computer can actually run for several
hours or even months non-stop. So, this
first one right here, I created to help
me manage support tickets for a Chrome
extension that I developed called Gemini
Architect. So, anytime a support ticket
comes in, it automatically gets added
now to this dashboard and I can track
all the different requests that people
have for this extension. I can sort by
bug fix, by feature requests, by
performance issues or UI/Ux
issues. And there's even a review wall
where it pulls in reviews every single
week from the Chrome store. so I can see
what people are saying about my Chrome
extension and what issues might be
coming up. We also have an analytics tab
that shows a breakdown of what sort of
problems people are reporting and the
top featured requests. That way I can
really stay on track and can have a road
map of exactly how to improve my Chrome
extension. This next example comes from
the computer community. It's very
impressive. So what they did was they
asked computer to collect all of Elon
Musk's IME messages, SMS and signal
messages that were released in the
lawsuit between Twitter and Elon Musk
and it actually put them into this
iMessage style dashboard. So here we can
see all the messages back and forth
between Elon Musk and Alex Schillings.
You can see all the iMes, the signal
messages, the group chats that he's
inside of and click into any of them and
see exactly what messages were sent back
and forth. And then finally, I had it
create for me a single page website for
myself. The current website I have is
pretty bad. I wanted an updated one. And
this is what it came up with. And what's
really cool about this is that I didn't
give it any of this information. I
didn't give it any of these videos or
any of these images. it just went out
and found all of this on its own. Now,
whenever I make videos like this, people
will usually ask me to share the prompts
that I use. But honestly, I don't really
use any prompts with computer. All I do
is tell it what I need. It's just
describing the outcome that you want and
computer figures out how to get there.
Let me show you an example of what I
mean. And this will also be a good
chance to show you voice mode, which is
really cool in Perplexity Computer. You
can activate that by clicking right here
and then I'll just talk to it and tell
it what I'm looking for.
I make a lot of long- form videos on
YouTube and I want to be able to turn
them into short form content for
Instagram, but I don't have time to do
any of that myself. So, I need a
completely handsoff approach. Can you
build something for me that can look for
new YouTube videos on my channel every
morning and repurpose them and just post
them to Instagram for me?
All set. The new task is underway to
handle the whole process from finding
new YouTube videos to posting on
Instagram automatically. So now it's
just getting to work on the task and if
it needs anything from me like a
connector that it doesn't yet have
access to, it will let me know that. I
will then give it access and then it's
just going to take care of it for me.
Finally, Perplexi Computer is now
available on mobile as well. So you can
access and manage all your workflows
directly on your phone even when you're
away from your computer. So overall,
Perplexity Computer is, I think, an
incredible tool. One of the most
powerful AI tools I've ever tested, but
admittedly, it is not for everyone.
Right now, the way you can get access to
computer is through a Perplexity Max
plan, which costs $200 a month, and that
will give you 10,000 computer credits to
use. Or they are now rolling out access
to Perplexity Pro users. that only costs
$20 a month and it gives you 4,000
credits per month. For myself, I've used
about 15,000 credits over the last few
weeks, but that is with very, very heavy
testing of Perplexi Computer. Once I've
set up some of my dashboards, I've
noticed that keeping them updated daily
uses a lot less credits, and I think you
will be able to buy additional credits
on top of what's included with your
plan. But if you're the type of person
who just uses an AI chat like Perplexity
to chat, maybe to help you with some
emails or putting together some
documents, then computer probably isn't
the right tool for you. You can just
continue to use regular Perplexity or
Comet. But let's say you're a business
owner or an executive and you need an AI
assistant that you can just get up and
running in minutes with zero tinkering.
something that doesn't have all the
frustrations or security concerns that
OpenClaw has and something that's
cheaper than hiring a bunch of agencies
or freelancers to do the work for you.
Those are the type of people who
computer was built for because this is
essentially an employee that works 24/7
for you and starts at just $20 a month.
If you want to try Perplexity Computer
out for yourself, I'll have a link for
it in the description down below. So, it
is seriously one of the most impressive
AI tools I've ever come across, and I've
had the chance now to test probably
hundreds of different AI tools. So, if
it's a good fit for you, I think it's
definitely worth checking out.
Otherwise, thank you so much for
watching this video, and I'll see you in
the next one. Bye for now.